The Truth about Learning 1 It's designed for proponents of
development not proponents of design 2 In the long run
development surpasses design it not only has limitations but can
even be impossible Goals are for the short term while
direction is for the long term Achieving goals depends on
execution while continuous development relies on a solid foundation Achieving
goals emphasizes steps while continuous development values choices 3 Learning
is an ongoing process that spans generations 4 The goal
is not to immediately improve a child's academic performance or
create child prodigies 5 The goal is to make parents
understand the truth about learning so they can teach their
children because teaching is the best way to learn This
in turn transforms parents and the people their children encounter
throughout their lives into learning assistants It's a role switch
6 Enable learners to become useful individuals as early as
possible 7 Education should be production-oriented and at its core
8 Start production early to cover one's cost of living
9 Learning is the prerequisite for production 10 We need
to learn how to proactively produce and organize production 11
Learning is simple very simple indeed 12 A person's operating
system consists of two essential elements Clear accurate and necessary
concepts Clear accurate and necessary connections between these concepts 13
Are there enough clear accurate and necessary concepts in one's
mind and are there enough connections between these concepts 14
A concept What does this concept mean What is its
purpose How is it used How is it related to
other concepts 15 After understanding this fact what behaviors will
change or must change How were things before and how
will they be after Write down these changes in detail
How can I convey this fact principle or concept to
my family